read from the top line Sasha I am v/e
why
you ladies and gentlemen here they
already in well America's favorite
on-screen couple has broken up she fell
in love with another guy
I'm with one now with a couple but
everyone wants them back together
you're on the air I can't watch you
without Eddie I need and there's only
one person who can make it happen
do i I know somebody wait you know I
love you you know I'd do anything for
you you're just asking an awful lot Kiki
it's nuts mom I'd you play for that
please I see you look fabulous
what did you do it's my hair she lost 60
pounds 60 pounds yeah that's a
Backstreet Boy now they're trying to
keep up appearances and she's picking up
the pieces do you want to take a swing
at me please
Hector
[Music]
something happened tonight when was
drawing me to her and there she was
and I thought to myself that's the woman
I'm supposed to spend the rest of my
life with the woman by the pool when the
real story is happening off screen what
are you thinking right now something
that I shouldn't be thinking about does
this have something to do with quaint
geeky Dickens
my butter has touched another food I
need new butter so what is it you're in
love with Eddie and that be stupid
revolution Studios presents are you
seeing anybody
do you think about how I answer that
what you your your eggs there you go
this is a very complicated situation
it'd be complicated for you that woman
that you saw by the pool or the other
night no that woman that you just have
to spend the rest of your life with that
was bad
Academy Award winner Julia Roberts Billy
Crystal hey Catherine zeta-jones John
Cusack I've never seen him look at her
at the way he's been looking at you
America's Sweethearts at least buy me
dinner and drinks first don't let me
interrupt